(1) This site is purely informational and does not constitute financial advice of any kind. By using the site, you agree to waive all liability for TapTrust and its agents. Please see full *disclaimer* for more information.


(2) *Disclaimer*: TapTrust (hereafter including employees, contractors, or other agents) is **purely** a provider of information, and we do not offer financial, investment, or legal advice or recommendations; nor do we offer price forecasting. All ratings, reviews, opinions, and/or analysis contained on this website are for informational purposes **only**, and represent the professional opinion of the author *at the time of publication*. Given the fast-paced nature of cryptoassets, the content provided on this website reflects the best available information as of a specific time and date, but outside factors can render such information (including but not limited to author views, ratings, data, etc.) outdated almost immediately. We *highly* encourage the user to factor this volatility into any related decisions.

Blockchain tokens are a constantly changing, high-risk asset——the market is still in its infancy, and is mostly unregulated. While TapTrust stands behind the quality of its team and reviewers, there is always the possibility of human error, misinformation, or other inaccuracies, including (but not limited to) outdated data. For this and other reasons, TapTrust *cannot* guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the website——the user has an affirmative duty to independently verify all information before relying on it. TapTrust **does not** imply or make *any* guarantees regarding our products, content, or services.

By using this site, you agree to hold TapTrust, its agents, owners, employees, partners, or contributors harmless for any related actions, errors, or omissions, as well as for investment/financial decisions (or any consequences thereafter) made by the user based on this information.  Under no circumstances will TapTrust be held liable for any loss or damages **of any kind** incurred in relation to *any* use of our site, or *any* exposure to the contained data, information, or content, including but not limited to errors or omissions. We **highly** encourage our users to seek professional advice before making any kind of financial decisions——TapTrust does not provide information or services that should be misinterpreted as a replacement for professional financial, legal, or investment advice. Our goal is simply to bring an additional level of transparency, quality, and safety to the market, while providing data that may be used as part of a robust decision-making process.

Some links on this website will take the user to external sites.  TapTrust makes no guarantees about these external sites, and does not endorse any of their products, services, data, etc.  These links are provided as a courtesy to our users and are to be followed at the user’s risk.

Thank you for using TapTrust!
